so i spend all of last year working on water quality...
then i spend all summer getting hacked whilst trying to make a portfolio displaying water quality skills...
it was so intense that i needed an enterprise firewall that's borderline illegal and would suit a military cyber unit...
that's not my claim that's a genuine review.

a week before i'm due to start i'm called...
my new course leader who happens to be my dissertation supervisor...
asked to come back and do a project about water quality for some company...
he requests i set up what i was doing last year so i do...
i'm on edge because i wanted to do something electronic or systems which can lead to self-employment...
usually stuff like this is an avenue for employment...
i don't think i'll do the project it's a bit basic for me but i play along...

i set up in the greenhouse and get water going and stabilising because it takes a couple of weeks to settle...
every time i go in there's there's a new girl, charlotte, grilling me...
it's never 'how are you' or 'what are you up to', it's always straight interrogation...
i ignore it or deflect it, she's new...
seems like she's following me though. every time i go in there she arrives instantly...
i carry on as normal and do my thing but that girl keeps coming back...

i have the meeting with that company...
they're a bit behind what i'm doing and tell me to use citric acid...
i know it won't work as that's what i was doing last year...
it worked less than six hours...
i'm looking at large scale industrial hydroponics as evidenced in my coursework -- not toy stuff...
the industry seems to be focused around cannabis attic grows but i want to distance myself from that...
request stuff i was using last year from the lab...
i had a good response from stronger acids and it lasts for weeks...
i don't get a response...
that's when i meet the new girl samara from the lab...
i ask her...

Quick recap:

	- i've been asked to come in and do this thing...
	- i set up in green house and this girl's following me
	- i have this meeting with this company and i'm not enticed
	- i request stuff from the lab to carry on business as usual
	- things were getting weird in general

i talk to my support worker and tell them things are getting suspicious...
it's just a general feeling but i've worked in high stakes environments and know when something's wrong...
it's just a feeling in the air.
me and support worker go to the pub and i talk to them about this project and we agree that i back out...
some time around here i'm then told i can't have the stuff i wanted from the lab and it's not needed for my project...
i know it won't work so i then back out. i'll do something electronic for sure...

i start paving a way forward with my dissertation...
a lot's happened already...
last year it wasn't like this it was a lot calmer and friendlier...
things weren't going well (as you can tell) and i need some help...
my support workers on holiday so then i file a request with support...
my issues were more academic than living....

i get a response from SSS but my head's not in the right place...
i'm having trouble with paperwork...
this is a common problem i've had for a few years now and the reason i came back to uni...
i'm pretty down and out...
i don't respond...
then i get hit with a bunch of false accusations about a week later...

	1 the new girl i asked if she could help with the chemicals said i was mocking her name.
		- i'm on good terms with someone that has the same name?
	2 i said i'd lick a frog as a joke in the animal unit but they've taken it seriously
		- seems like an excuse to ban me from the animal unit?
	3 just a straight fabrication regarding my behaviour..
		- i'm not guilty but if i was this alleged behaviour was OUTSIDE of university...

you can see right now i'm jaded.

	- i'm asked to come in and continue what i was working on for a year
	- they take all my stuff off of me and obstruct me
	- i ask for support via a welfare check
	- i'm then falsely accused of 3 things

i'm asked to attend a conduct meeting but my head's not in the right place after all of this...
so i take a break and have a few weeks off...
mostly to get away from everyone and focus on my own things...
eventually i respond by letter hoping that will satisfy whatever's going on.
puts me less on the spot for something i didn't do in the first place...
send the letter...

i'm really confused at why everything's done a 180...
i got so much done last year without interference and have a brilliant portfolio to show for it...
meanwhile i've read a lot of stuff recently in the news about stuff at Sheffield university and people interfering with research...
truth be told, it resonated with me...
i've spent hundreds if not thousands of hours on a project... and instantly it's gone up in smoke..
the article said whenever a situation like this happens you should file a subject access request.
my support worker is now back and also encourages me to request one without knowing about this...
i request one...
then i get a new accusation...

	4 they add in another false complaint from someone that's lecturing me soon from sheffield university

this is someone i was initially friendly with...
both of these people responsible for (1, 2, and 4) are new people...
around this time i get a few weird emails from security (that i don't know) and a lecturer (i know) that don't make any sense..
i also get one from the conduct board saying that the outcome of this meeting is likely to be a letter of apology or whatever...
so i finally get a telephone call from sss. this person from the university's (not the su's) i&s claims they're independent...
goes through my medical history and state of affairs...
they talk to me about what will happen with the meeting...

i come back and just check up on my plants and stuff...
i'm curious as to those two weird emails i got...
maybe that would explain something...
i go and speak to security...
he just stares at me when i confront him...
eventually he goes to go and check...
he's just talking about how i reserved a car parking spot...
i don't even have a car..
ok...

i attend the conduct meeting and they're instantly against me.
i've done nothing wrong...
i'm like y'know what- i'm going to play it safe -- i don't know what they're after...
i attend the meeting and they're treating me like i'm guilty (i'm not).
they're accusing me of racism and all of this stuff but
i didn't do anything but i'm just dying to get out of this situation...
i get through it.
long story short

	1 i can't talk to this girl
	2 i'm banned from the animal unit
	3 i'm falsely accused of something highly exaggerated and something i didn't do
	4 the fourth complaint is completely wiped out like it never happened

so i'm like right this is all done and dusted i can carry on

a while later i receive the documents from this conduct meeting and everyone's views...
i skim through it (i'm still struggling with reading stuff like this and paperwork in general)...
i'm taken back by the fabrications...
it puts me off reading anymore and i leave it on a todo list...

eventually i'm mentally in a place to print it off and go through it...
if i highlighted everything that was a lie you wouldn't believe me
to make things worse they've included all of this stuff from an old meeting
yes i did some stuff but i was found innocent, but it makes me look guiltier.

i have some reason to suspect my course leader AND dissertation supervisor is somewhat involved from the documentation...
he's gone round requesting if he knows anything that's happened in the course...
is it him? it all started with him...
i want a fresh start to the new year. this is getting tiresome.
i try and change my dissertation supervisor...
i'm told to contact my course leader but he is my dissertation supervisor...

then the person for this fourth complaint that's supposed to be lecturing me now is now teaching in the animal unit.
so it's like they've created accusation 3 and 4 to keep me away from this girl and the animal unit...
it's an agriculture course which is 99% arable so it's like they've done this on purpose.
i've never had a class in the animal unit and never expected to have one in there.
talking to ft people last year they had two total lessons TOUCHING on livestock (and i was in one of them)...
they went nowhere near the unit...
then i get a response and i'm told i can't have the subject access request because too many reports have been filed.
i'm pretty sure that's illegal???

here i just carry on doing my own stuff.
i'm like whatever i've been found guilty of something i didn't do but whatever...
i'm just going to carry on with my research...
this is dragging me down...
i focus on my own stuff instead...
this is the finale before christmas...

it's now after christmas and the new term's about to start...
i'm still kind of like wtf has happened...
it's quite evident someone's playing with me or people in general...
if this had happened to you, you'd want some answers as to what's going on...

uni opens again after xmas i go back in to check on my plants...
they're dead because i didn't get my lab stuff. whatever...
i go and chill in the library...
i see someone that sent one of those weird emails i got around the time this happened...
it then turns out that a week after all this stuff some guy with the same name's come in and done a lecture to some kids...
i tell them that something really suspicious is going on...
their body language is off when i ask them and they make a quick dramatic exit.

then i ask if i can change my module, but i'm banned from the animal unit for saying i'd lick a frog...
i'm told i can't do it...
so now i have to do half of my final module without actually knowing what's going on.
so i then jan 15th send a letter requiring SAR in 30 days to data protection and one to beverley peel re module change + change in supervisor

Other considerations

	- For a while every time I went in it was like someone was winding me up...
		- This extended to walking around the immediate area where a car stopped me and harrassed me
	- This ginger girl was horrible the entire time but the last time I saw her she was nice and just said 'bye'
		- Then she disappeared
	- Around the time of sending the letter I had a few grave stares like something horrific had happened.
	- The girl that accused me of stuff and I've signed a restriction agreement with is all smiles around me.
		- Not reflective of what's gone on. I could ask her but i've got to stay away from her.

Resolutions i'm looking for

	- A possible explanation of what's happened here
	- A change in dissertation supervisor
	- A change in module (i've found a GIS module that's more beneficial in a related subject on campus)
	- A reconsideration of my COB outcome
